Splunk raw labels fix (#12884)
demisto/content: Packs/SplunkPy/ReleaseNotes/2_1_2.md

#### Integrations
##### SplunkPy

> - Fixing the way labels are parsed from notable events' raw data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixing the way labels are parsed from the raw data of a notable event.
```
